README.md, before:

# Virgool
Contributors: nekofar  
Donate link: http://milad.nekofar.com/  
Tags: virgool, publish, persian  
Requires at least: 4.7.0  
Tested up to: 5.2.2  
Requires PHP: 5.6.4  
Stable tag: 1.0.0  
License: GPL-2.0+  
License URI: http://www.gnu.org/licenses/gpl-2.0.html

Publish posts automatically to a Virgool profile.

## Description

Virgool lets you publish posts automatically to a Virgool profile.

## Collaboration

You can send your pull request at [https://github.com/nekofar/virgool](https://github.com/nekofar/virgool)

## Installation

This section describes how to install the plugin and get it working.

e.g.

1. Extract `virgool.zip` to the `/wp-content/plugins/` directory
2. Activate the plugin through the 'Plugins' menu in WordPress
3. Fill out username and password of your Virgool profile on the settings page.

## Frequently Asked Questions

### A question that someone might have

An answer to that question.

### What about foo bar?

Answer to foo bar dilemma.

## Screenshots

1. This screen shot description corresponds to screenshot-1.(png|jpg|jpeg|gif). Note that the screenshot is taken from the /assets directory or the directory that contains the stable readme.txt (tags or trunk). Screenshots in the /assets directory take precedence. For example, `/assets/screenshot-1.png` would win over `/tags/4.3/screenshot-1.png` (or jpg, jpeg, gif).
2. This is the second screen shot

<!-- only:wp>
1. Virgool options under Settings.
<only:wp -->

## Changelog

### 1.0.0
* Initial release.

## Upgrade Notice

Commit message:

Update and cleanup readme files

README.md, after:

# Virgool
<!-- only:wp>
Contributors: nekofar  
Donate link: http://milad.nekofar.com/  
Tags: virgool, publish, persian  
Requires at least: 4.7.0  
Tested up to: 5.2.2  
Requires PHP: 5.6.4  
Stable tag: 1.0.0  
License: GPL-2.0+  
License URI: http://www.gnu.org/licenses/gpl-2.0.html
<only:wp -->

Publish posts automatically to a Virgool profile.

## Description

Virgool lets you publish posts automatically to a [Virgool](https://virgool.io) profile.

## Collaboration

You can send your pull request at [GitHub](https://github.com/nekofar/virgool)

## Installation

1. Extract `virgool.zip` to the `/wp-content/plugins/` directory
2. Activate the plugin through the 'Plugins' menu in WordPress
3. Fill out username and password of your Virgool profile on the settings page.

## Screenshots

<!-- only:github/ -->
![Virgool options under Settings.](assets/screenshot-1.png)
<!-- /only:github -->

<!-- only:wp>
1. Virgool options under Settings.
<only:wp -->

## Changelog

### 1.0.0
* Initial release.
